---
title: "Who is the hero? The Mecha or the Man"
date: "2025-11-23"
banner: "https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1439638267405271151/1440628472685924422/Screenshot_307.png?ex=69241f51&is=6922cdd1&hm=31cedcbe9cb02cc179a7d4e2a81316b501d919085be84025bb423f152210385e"
---

If one were to ask me what game I have played the most, it inarguably would be League of Legends. Now if you were to ask me why it's the case, I have several ways to answer it. Some of the closest people I hang out with have also been bitten by the same bug. It doesn't get old, it doesn't change too much. Analogous to a bag of chips or a plate of Sambar dip idly. There’s MOBA and then there's good and bad MOBA.

That being said, is League my favorite game? Hell naw. Eating idly day in and day out doesn't make you adore it over everything else. That brings us to the question, **what is your favourite game?** Off the top of my head, Life is Strange. I absolutely love that game and cherished every bit of it. From the writing, the characters, consequences and choices every part of that game had me begging for more. But what actually elevates the entire experience tenfold is its [music](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1f5ZzLDTXHTDR8CYIEddpW). Discovering Syd Matters and Alt-J was a breath of fresh air to my spinny old playlist. Life is Strange is an amazing game that appeals to all demographics and if you're reading this, you should give it a shot.

I also have a soft spot in my heart for Raji. An indie platformer based on Indian mythology, created and crafted right here? What's not to love about it. The art direction is splendid, the plotline is fairly consistent, the platforming aspects of the game are _really fun._ This is coming from someone who barely plays platformers, mostly because I don't have the best hand eye coordination, bit of a skill issue on my part but yeah. The boss fights are challenging yet unique. The lush environments and tons of different biomes add a level of depth that makes you feel one with your character. I might sound biased or I might be downplaying how well the game is made, regardless, if you haven't already, add it to your wishlist and look forward to a sequel.

I also enjoyed the original Call of Duty: Modern Warfare games a lot. Despite it being a relatively short and compact campaign mode, each game introduces a new set of characters while developing familiar established names. I don't need to sing laurels of the Modern Warfare games, I am glad to see it get its flowers, deservingly so. The over-the-top action sequences, the unexpected plot twists and a ton of unforgettable cutscenes had me on the edge of my seat throughout.

You might be wondering why he's rambling about his taste in video games, and I am glad you asked! Because I've recently come across a piece of game media that makes a good argument to be added to the above list.

### Ladies and gentlelads, I played Dispatch

When you are on the hunt for sales on SteamDB ever so often it's highly likely you browse the concurrent-player charts as well. And there it was with over 50K concurrent: Dispatch. I went into Dispatch not expecting much, the premise itself sounded very reminiscent of superhero-centric shows with a dash of politics sprinkled on. Invincible-esque art style and world building of The Boys, packaged into an episodic video game. Mind you I haven't watched either of them. Nothing too fancy, something I'd play for an hour or two and go about my life. Never have I been so glad to have been proven wrong, what I was in for was a piece of media I fell in love with, characters I grew close to and a hero I'd grow to admire.

The game kicks off with a seemingly troubled and tired hero interrogating a low-life on the whereabouts of his father's killer. You get a hang of choices and quick time events in this short exchange which ends with the delinquent giving our hero a lead to chase. However things go awry when we head to the location mentioned by our felon as it's soon made apparent that it was all a big plan to lure the hero to steal his suit or worse kill him. Due to sheer will and miraculous timing we get out of the hideout in many many pieces.

Fast forward a few months of coma, our hero is back in the limelight when he is asked to hold a press conference despite not being in the best shape. In a short news b-roll we find out our hero, the **Mecha Man**, is a _third_ generation superhero saving lives in the suburbs south of Los Angeles. Here's when we discover that the people of the city are less than grateful for its superheroes, they are overtly critical of his failures and push him towards retirement.

After a few provocative questions and a heated moment with one of the journalists our hero takes a stroll. He comes across a group of petty thieves robbing a store, seeing rampant crime and violence in the city owing to the Mecha Man's sudden hiatus. Unable to hold himself back despite his arm cast and several injuries, he confronts the thieves ending in our hero getting overpowered by numbers. This is when he is saved by one of my favorite characters in the game, your favorite hero's favorite hero, **Blonde Blazor**.

A hot ball of positivity with a touch of hope and whimsy, she's what one would call an embodiment of comic book superhero fiction. The two head to grab a drink where Blazor reveals her intention to reach out to Mecha Man, she wants him to join SDN, the Superhero Dispatch Network. A subscription-based hero-for-hire service to keep the bad guys at bay. One thing leads to another and our characters end up on top of a billboard where we are posed with our first romantic choice. Soon we learn that behind Mecha Man, there's a Robert. In fact three generations of Roberts who are all sons of Roberts, aptly dubbed _Robert Robertson III_.

Next morning Robert heads over to SDN to get a hang of his next job. It's revealed that Robert's good friend Chase was behind the push to hire Robert. Good ol' Robbie also discovers that he is tasked with dispatching the Phoenix Force or Z team for short. A group of sinister ex-criminal goofballs waiting to be reformed. This is where we meet our second love interest, invisible yet never unnoticeable, **Invisigal**. Robert soon discovers that this lot is rather juvenile in their motivations and don't get along too well. After a short pep talk and a little bit of moving the goal post, the Z team is back on track.

This is where we see Robert being a commanding elder sibling of sorts to the Z team. Someone who's hard on them for their own good, someone who's looking out for them and someone who believes that change is possible. This reassures Chase and Blazor in their choice to lead the Z team. Not diving too deep into the plot, I want you to experience and appreciate it after all. The game provides a healthy set of dialogue options mixed with a few game-altering choices. Most choices do result in either being referenced later in the story or influencing a character’s motivation.

The game is voiced by a talented cast of actors, gamers and streamers. It has a set of memorable characters with everyone getting a fair bit of development and growing at their own pace. The art direction feels warm and unique in its own right. The background score is touching, there’s even a 4 fps _Ma Meilleure Ennemie_ scene with all the cast, [Bershy's soundtrack](https://open.spotify.com/track/3l8ACerUtJfRd0rxJJ4Gkx) really elevates the scene and makes you feel you are in the room vibing with the gang.

Throughout the game we discover how much of a hero Robert is. He is more than a dispatcher, he stands up to evil, he stands up for his team, he stands up for his family. He is so much more than what we are initially led to believe. In a room full of heroes with supernatural strengths, Robert stands tall on his sheer willpower alone. Even with a body scarred from years of crimefighting he never stops to rest. He is no Batman, he is broke, his house is devoid of all kinds of vanity. He goes as far as using up all the insurance money from his father's death just to keep the dream alive, the dream of every little child in Southland to grow up in a city with less crime and violence.

The game makes you spend a far greater time as Robert than Mecha Man, who is the bigger hero after all. A hero is more than his suit, a hero is someone who brings change, fights for the right thing and gives every ounce of his being for a cause. There is no plot armour, Robert is as sad and vulnerable as most of us, he gets beat up, far too often in fact. Yet he keeps getting back up taking it on his chin. He feels relatable, he feels _normal_. In a world full of superhumans, Robert’s humanity triumphs them all.

The game teaches you, being a superhero doesn't mean you always win, more often than not you are depressed, judged, criticized, made to feel like an outcast. Nobody's immune to hardships in life yet all that matters is how one overcomes them. Being a hero is hard, it takes a lot of grit, sticking to your principles in front of your critics and adversaries. Robert is more than just Mecha Man, he is every one of us doing our best.

I did get what I would subjectively call the best ending in my first playthrough. But your choices throughout the game lead you to different endings based on the circumstances. This gives a good amount of replayability while maintaining enough avenues for you to explore different routes across playthroughs.

That being said, that was Dispatch. Grab your copy and take a weekend off and binge through all 8 episodes in a sitting or two. I'll end this post with ~  
Video games, video games are fun. Video games are good. Kids go play video games.
